docs/en/server/overview/system-requirements.md, before:

---
title: System Requirements
---
## Minimum Requirements

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
{{ en.RDMS }} needs Microsoft .NET Core 6.0 to function. Additionally, .NET Framework 4.8 is needed to install the {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}. Please adapt your environment depending on which version you are running.
{% endsnippet %}

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
{{ en.RDMS }} now verifies that the domain and forest functional levels are at least Windows Server 2012R2. This is essential when using Active Directory authentication.
{% endsnippet %}
 
## Dependencies

* Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/[2017](https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/sql-server/sql-server-2017-editions)/[2019](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-2019)/[2022](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-2022) (including Express editions). 
* Azure SQL database is supported with SQL login accounts only. Azure Active Directory accounts are not supported. 
* Windows 10, Windows 11, Windows Server 2012R2 (not compatible with Devolutions Gateway), 2016, 2019 and 2022. 
* Windows Server 2012R2 domain and forest functional level or higher. 
* Microsoft .NET Framework 4.8 (Please refer to the [requirements for the .Net Framework](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/8z6watww%28v=vs.110%29.aspx) for operating systems). 
* Internet Information Services (IIS) 7.0 or better. 
* {{ en.RDMSCONSOLE }} must be installed on the server to manage the {{ en.RDMS }} instance(s). 

## Server sizing

Many customers often ask how to properly customize their servers for various topologies. This is essentially unreliable because the way the system is used has a significant impact on the resource usage of each node within the chosen [Topology](/server/overview/topologies/) .  

The great majority of setups that we have observed work well with nodes of 8GB RAM and a dual CPU. Most of these are virtualized environments, so granting more resources is relatively simple.  

For a proper estimate, the following aspects must be considered:  

* Number of entries stored in your instance (server details, credentials, etc.).  
* Churn of these entries; do you create entries daily or are they quite static?  
* Number of concurrent users that connect to the {{ en.RDMS }} instance during peak times.  
* Usage of information by the users. Are they launching 10 sessions at a time, doing a batch operation that takes a few minutes and then repeating the cycle, or are they opening only a few sessions but working within them all day long. This results in write operations to our logs, therefore the former case is more intensive then the latter.  

## 64-bit Support

{{ en.RDMS }} is compatible with all 64-bit versions of Windows.

Commit message:

DOC-407 DVLS EN/FR Minimum requirements update

docs/en/server/overview/system-requirements.md, after:

---
title: System Requirements
---
## Minimum Requirements

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
{{ en.RDMS }} needs Microsoft .NET Core 6.0 to function. Additionally, .NET Framework 4.8 is needed to install the {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}. Please adapt your environment depending on which version you are running.
{% endsnippet %}

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
{{ en.RDMS }} now verifies that the domain and forest functional levels are at least Windows Server 2012R2. This is essential when using Active Directory authentication.
{% endsnippet %}

The following table lists the minimum recommended hardware specifications for {{ en.RDMS }}. These specifications may vary depending on the usage of the application, as indicated later in the article. 

|Basic implementation {width=200px} |Mid-Range implementation {width=250px} |Large implementation    |
|:--------------------------: |:------------------------: |:---------------------: |
|(1-20 concurrent users)<br>With standalone SQL Server<br>4 core processors<br>8 GB RAM<br>Network Adapter (1 GB)<br>|(21-75 concurrent users)<br>With standalone SQL Server<br>4 core processors<br>8 GB RAM<br>Network Adapter (1 GB)<br>|(75+ concurrent users) <br>We recommend deploying multiple {{ en.RDMS }} in a load-balancing topology with High Availability SQL Server.|
|With SQL Server installed on the same machine.<br>4 core processors<br>16 GB RAM<br>Network Adapter (1 GB)<br>|With SQL Server installed on the same machine.<br>4 core processors<br>16 GB RAM<br>Network Adapter (1 GB)<br>||

## Software Dependencies

* Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014/2016/[2017](https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/sql-server/sql-server-2017-editions)/[2019](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-2019)/[2022](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/sql-server-2022) (including Express editions). 
* Azure SQL database is supported with SQL login accounts only. Azure Active Directory accounts are not supported. 
* Windows 10, Windows 11, Windows Server 2012R2 (not compatible with Devolutions Gateway), 2016, 2019 and 2022. 
* Windows Server 2012R2 domain and forest functional level or higher. 
* Microsoft .NET Framework 4.8 (Please refer to the [requirements for the .Net Framework](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/8z6watww%28v=vs.110%29.aspx) for operating systems). 
* Internet Information Services (IIS) 7.0 or better. 
* {{ en.RDMSCONSOLE }} must be installed on the server to manage the {{ en.RDMS }} instance(s). 

## Server sizing

Many customers often ask how to properly customize their servers for various topologies. In fact, it is impossible for us to answer this question adequately. The way the system works has a significant impact on the resource usage of each node in your [Topology](/server/overview/topologies/). Most of these configurations are virtual environments, making it easy to allocate additional resources.  

For a proper estimate, the following aspects must be considered:  

* Number of entries stored in your instance (server details, credentials, etc.).  
* Churn of these entries; do you create entries daily or are they quite static?  
* Number of concurrent users that connect to the {{ en.RDMS }} instance during peak times.  
* Usage of information by the users. Are they launching 10 sessions at a time, doing a batch operation that takes a few minutes and then repeating the cycle, or are they opening only a few sessions but working within them all day long. This results in write operations to our logs, therefore the former case is more intensive then the latter.  

## 64-bit Support

{{ en.RDMS }} is compatible with all 64-bit versions of Windows.
