docs/en/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/tools/hub-importer.md, before:

---
title: Hub Importer
---
{% youtube 'zoNA11ql9Gk' %}  

***{{ en.HUB }}*** ***Importer*** is the essential tool designed to import your data in {{ en.HUBB }}. 

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
Only available on Windows. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
1. Download and install [Hub Importer](https://devolutions.net/password-hub-importer) . 
1. Launch the application. 
1. Log in to your {{ en.DA }} . 
1. Select the ***{{ en.HUB }}*** ***Business***    ***Host*** and click ***Log In*** .  
![!!Hub4109.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4109.png) 
1. Select the ***Import Type*** file.  
![!!Hub4108.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4108.png) 
1. Click the 3 dots to select the ***Source*** .  
![!!Hub4110.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4110.png) 
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
Each ***Import Type*** has a different ***Source*** importing setup. Please follow the steps in your {{ en.HUB }} Importer. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %} 
In the event that you need to import the ***Specific Settings*** , leave the ***Change ID*** box unchecked in the ***Import Settings*** section. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
7. Select the ***Target Vault*** . 
1. Click ***Import Selection to Hub*** .

Commit message:

Hub Importer (and more) variable changes

docs/en/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/tools/hub-importer.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Devolutions {{ en.HUBI }}
  descripion: Devolutions {{ en.HUBI }} is the essential tool designed to import your data in {{ en.HUBB }}.
---
{% youtube 'zoNA11ql9Gk' %}  

***{{ en.DHUBI }}*** is the essential tool designed to import your data in {{ en.HUBB }}. 

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
Only available on Windows. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
1. Download and install [{{ en.DHUBI }}](https://devolutions.net/password-hub-importer). 
1. Launch the application. 
1. Log in to your {{ en.DA }}. 
1. Select the ***{{ en.HUBB }} Host*** and click ***Log In***.  
![!!Hub4109.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4109.png) 
1. Select the ***Import Type*** file.  
![!!Hub4108.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4108.png) 
1. Click the 3 dots to select the ***Source***.  
![!!Hub4110.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4110.png) 
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
Each ***Import Type*** has a different ***Source*** importing setup. Please follow the steps in your {{ en.HUBI }}. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %} 
In the event that you need to import the ***Specific Settings***, leave the ***Change ID*** box unchecked in the ***Import Settings*** section. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
7. Select the ***Target Vault***. 
1. Click ***Import Selection to {{ en.HUB}}***.
