docs/content/en/kb/devolutions-server/troubleshooting-articles/failed-request-tracing-with-iis/enable-failed-request-tracing-iis.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Enable failed request tracing in IIS
---
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
The following steps are applicable on Windows Server 2016 and up.
{% endsnippet %}

1. Open the ***Server Manager*** Choose ***Add Roles and Features*** from the ***Manage*** menu.  
![!!KB4317](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4317.png)
1. Select the ***Installation Type*** and then click ***Next***.  
![!!KB4318](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4318.png)
1. Select the destination server and then click ***Next***.  
![!!KB4319](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4319.png)
1. On the ***Select server role*** page, expand the ***Web Server (IIS) role***, expand ***Web Server***, and expand ***Health and Diagnostics***. Then, select ***Tracing*** and click ***Next***.  
![!!KB4320](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4320.png)
1. On the page ***Select features***, click ***Next***.  
![!!KB4321](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4321.png)
1. On the page ***Confirm installation selections***, click ***Install***.  
![!!KB4322](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4322.png)
1. On the ***Results*** page, click ***Close***.  
![!!KB4323](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4323.png)

Commit message:

Enable failed request tracing in IIS

docs/content/en/kb/devolutions-server/troubleshooting-articles/failed-request-tracing-with-iis/enable-failed-request-tracing-iis.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Enable failed request tracing in IIS
  description: Follow these instructions to enable failed request tracing in IIS.
---
Follow these instructions to enable failed request tracing in IIS:  

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
The following steps apply to Windows Server 2016 and later.
{% endsnippet %}  

1. Open the ***Server Manager***.  
1. In the ***Manage*** tab, select ***Add Roles and Features***.  
![Manage – Add Roles and Features](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4317.png)
1. In the **Installation Type*** section, select the installation type that applies to your situation, then click ***Next***.  
![Installation Type](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4318.png)
1. In the ***Server Selection*** section, select the destination server, then click ***Next***.  
![Server Selection](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4319.png)
1. In the ***Server Roles*** section, expand ***Web Server (IIS)*** role, ***Web Server***, then ***Health and Diagnostics***. Check the ***Tracing*** box and click ***Next***.  
![Server Roles](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4320.png)
1. In the ***Features*** section, simply click ***Next***.  
![Features](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4321.png)  
1. In the ***Confirmation*** section, click ***Install***.  
![Confirmation](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4322.png)  
1. In the ***Results*** section, click ***Close***.  
![Results](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4323.png)
