docs/en/rdm/mac/kb/rdm-windows/troubleshooting-articles/performance-diagnostic.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Performance diagnostic
---
Sometimes when a performance issue occurs while using {{ en.RDM }}, the support personnel may ask you to send information. Here are three sources or information that the support team requires to help diagnose your issue.
## Procedure
My Data Source Information
![!!KB4076](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4076.png)
1. Open ***File – My Data Source Information***.
1. Click on the ***Envelope*** button to send the information to our support team.

In the following dialog, ensure you specify enough information to link the report to the appropriate ticket if the process was started from the forum include your forum username.
![!!KB4077](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4077.png)
1. Open ***Help – Diagnostic***.
1. Click on the ***Send*** button.

In the following dialog, ensure you specify enough information to link the report to the appropriate ticket, if the process was started from the forum, please include your forum username.
![!!KB4078](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4078.png)
1. Open ***Help – Profiler***, move the window aside to clear the main window of {{ en.RDM }}.
1. Select the ***Performance*** tab.
1. In {{ en.RDM }}, hold the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key and press the refresh button.
1. Information will be added in the ***Performance*** tab.
1. Click on the ***Send Trace to Support*** button. In the following dialog, ensure you specify enough information to link the report to the appropriate ticket, if the process was started from the forum, please include your forum username.

Commit message:

KB RDMM EN FR updated screenshot performance diagnostic

docs/en/rdm/mac/kb/rdm-windows/troubleshooting-articles/performance-diagnostic.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Performance diagnostic
  description: Sometimes when a performance issue occurs while using {{ en.RDMMAC }}, the support personnel may ask you to send information.
---
Sometimes when a performance issue occurs while using {{ en.RDMMAC }}, the support personnel may ask you to send information. Here are three sources or information that the support team requires to help diagnose your issue.
## Procedure
My Data Source Information
![My Data Source Information](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4076.png)
1. Open ***File – My Data Source Information***.
1. Click on the ***Envelope*** button to send the information to our support team.

In the following dialog, ensure you specify enough information to link the report to the appropriate ticket if the process was started from the forum include your forum username.
![System Diagnostic](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4077.png)
1. Open ***Help – Diagnostic***.
1. Click on the ***Send*** button.

In the following dialog, ensure you specify enough information to link the report to the appropriate ticket, if the process was started from the forum, please include your forum username.
![Help – Diagnostic – Send](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMM6001_2024_2.png)
1. Open ***Help – Profiler***, move the window aside to clear the main window of {{ en.RDM }}.
1. Select the ***Performance*** tab.
1. In {{ en.RDM }}, hold the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key and press the refresh button.
1. Information will be added in the ***Performance*** tab.
1. Click on the ***Send Trace to Support*** button. In the following dialog, ensure you specify enough information to link the report to the appropriate ticket, if the process was started from the forum, please include your forum username.
