docs/en/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/temporary-access/grant-access-without-request.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Grant temporary access to an entry in {{ en.HUBB }}
  order: 30
  description: Approvers can grant Temporary Access without request to a user and even if the user already has access.
---

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
To learn how to approve or deny a request, visit [Approve temporary access to an entry in {{ en.HUB }}](https://docs.devolutions.net/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/temporary-access/approve-temporary-access/).
{% endsnippet %}

The ***Temporary Access*** feature allows users to request a temporary elevation of their permissions for a specific entry. Approvers can grant ***Temporary Access*** without request from a user and even if the user already has access.

## Grant temporary access

1. Select the vault you want to grant access to.  
1. Click on ***More***, then select ***Grant Temporary Access***.  
![Grant Temporary Access](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6013.png)  
A number of options are available to customize your selection.  
![Grant Temporary Access window](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6014.png)  
1. Choose the ***Access duration*** in the drop-down menu.  
![Access duration](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6015.png)  
You can also click ***Set custom time frame*** if you need to grant access for a specific period of time.  
![Set custom time frame](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6016.png)  
1. Select the ***Permissions*** level you want to temporarily obtain between ***Readers***, ***Operators***, and ***Contributors*** using the drop-down menu.  
![Set custom time frame](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6017.png)  
1. Hovering your mouse over the eye icon while you have a ***Permissions*** level selected lets you see what permissions it includes. For example, the following image shows the permissions for the ***Operators*** role.  
![Permissions content](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6018.png)  
To help you decide which role to select, you can visit [Roles and permissions](https://docs.devolutions.net/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/administration/configuration-security/system-permissions/roles-permissions/).  
1. Select the ***User***. You can also use the filter bar to refine your research.  
![User](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6019.png)  
A short message can be left to the ***User*** explaining why you grant access.  
![User](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6020.png)  
1. Click ***Grant Access*** to close the window.

Commit message:

OH HUB EN temporary access linked entries

docs/en/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/temporary-access/grant-access-without-request.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Grant temporary access to an entry in {{ en.HUBB }}
  order: 30
  description: Approvers can grant Temporary Access without request to a user and even if the user already has access.
---

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
To learn how to approve or deny a request, visit [Approve temporary access to an entry in {{ en.HUB }}](https://docs.devolutions.net/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/temporary-access/approve-temporary-access/).
{% endsnippet %}

The ***Temporary Access*** feature allows users to request a temporary elevation of their permissions for a specific entry. Approvers can grant ***Temporary Access*** without request from a user and even if the user already has access.

## Grant temporary access

1. Select the vault you want to grant access to.  
1. Click on ***More***, then select ***Grant Temporary Access***.  
![Grant Temporary Access](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6013.png)   
You can view ***linked entries*** such as linked credentials and VPNs.  
![Grant Temporary Access window](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6021.png)  
1. Choose the ***Access duration*** in the drop-down menu.  
![Access duration](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6015.png)  
You can also click ***Set custom time frame*** if you need to grant access for a specific period of time.  
![Set custom time frame](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6016.png)  
1. Select the ***Permissions*** level you want to temporarily obtain between ***Readers***, ***Operators***, and ***Contributors*** using the drop-down menu.  
![Set custom time frame](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6017.png)  
1. Hovering your mouse over the eye icon while you have a ***Permissions*** level selected lets you see what permissions it includes. For example, the following image shows the permissions for the ***Operators*** role.  
![Permissions content](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6018.png)  
To help you decide which role to select, you can visit [Roles and permissions](https://docs.devolutions.net/hub/web-interface/hub-overview/administration/configuration-security/system-permissions/roles-permissions/).  
1. Select the ***User***. You can also use the filter bar to refine your research.  
![User](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6019.png)  
A short message can be left to the ***User*** explaining why you grant access.  
![User](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6020.png)  
1. Click ***Grant Access*** to close the window.
