docs/en/hub/privileged-access-management/download-and-install-devolutions-hub-services.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Download and install {{ en.DHUBS }}
  description: The {{ en.DHUBS }} installer facilitates the installation and integration of our modules, such as the Privileged Access Management (Beta) module. The installed service will establish communication between your {{ en.DHUBB }} and your internal resources.
---

The {{ en.DHUBS }} installer facilitates the installation and integration of our modules, such as the Privileged Access Management (Beta) module. The installed service will establish communication between your {{ en.DHUBB }} and your internal resources.

## Create an Application User

1. Go to {{ en.DHUB }}.
1. Click ***Administration*** – ***Application Users***.  
![Administration – Application Users](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6039.png)  
1. Select ***Add Application User (+)***.  
![Add Application User (+)](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6040.png)  
1. Enter a name and click ***Add***.  

In the ***Application User*** window under ***User***, ***Is enabled*** enables the user. ***Can access user vaults*** give him access to user vaults.   
![User](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6053.png)  
***User groups*** assigns the user to groups.  
![User groups](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6054.png)  
5. Save the given ***Application Secret*** and ***Application key*** to your clipboard or as a PDF file. It will be needed during {{ en.DHUBS }}' installation.   
![Save the given Application Secret and Application key](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6043.png)  

## Edit Permissions for the Application User

1. Go to {{ en.DHUB }}.
1. Click ***Administration*** – ***System Permissions***.
![Administration – System Permissions](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6048.png)
1. Go to the edit form.
![Edit form](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6049.png)
1. Select ***System***
1. Select your ***Application User*** in the drop-down menu under ***Manage privileged access providers***. 
![System Permissions – Manage privileged access providers](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6051.png)

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
You need to grant permission on the vault either at ***System level*** or ***Individual PAM vault level***. 
{% endsnippet %}  

## From all system vaults

1. In {{ en.DHUB }}, go to ***Administration*** – ***Configuration & Security*** – ***System Permissions***.
![Administration – Configuration & Security – System Permissions](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6048.png)
1. Go to the edit form.
![Edit form](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6049.png)
1. Select ***Vaults***.
1. Choose your ***Application User*** in the drop-down menu under the ***Contributor*** section.
![Contributor section](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6050.png)
1. Click ***Update*** to close the window. 

## For a specific Pam vault

1. In {{ en.DHUB }}, go to ***Administration*** – ***Management*** – ***Vaults***.
![Administration – Management – Vaults](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6044.png)
1. Go to the edit form of the specific PAM vault.
1. Select the ***Edit*** tab at the ***Permissions*** section.
1. Choose your ***Application User*** in the drop-down menu under the ***Contributor*** section.
![Contributor section](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6056.png)
1. Click ***Update*** to close the window. 

## Installation of {{ en.DHUBS }} Beta

1. Download {{ en.DHUBS }} Beta [here](https://devolutions.net/password-hub/home/download/).
1. Launch the installer that you downloaded.
![{{ en.DHUBS }} setup](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6038.png) 
1. Click ***Next***.
1. Read the ***End-User License Agreement*** and click ***I accept the terms in the License Agreement***.
1. Click ***Next***.
1. Select ***PAM*** in the ***Custom Setup***. Note that the ***Encryption*** feature is currently unavailable.
1. Click ***Next***.
1. Enter your ***Host*** URL.
1. Enter the ***Application Secret*** and ***Application key*** previously saved.
1. Click ***Finish*** to complete the installation.
1. Click ***Test Connection***.
1. If your connection is successful, press ***Next***.
![Connection successful](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6055.png) 
## Check {{ en.DHUBS }} logs

{{ en.DHUBS }}' logs are available in ***Windows Event Viewer***. The service should be able to connect to the previously created provider.

It's also possible to see the {{ en.DHUBS }} as a service in the Services window of Windows which shows the current status and where it can be started or stopped.

Commit message:

OH HUB EN Devolutions Hub Services update (#417)
deliveryId: 23511140-4118-11ee-9146-8772fc1dd063

docs/en/hub/privileged-access-management/download-and-install-devolutions-hub-services.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Download and install {{ en.DHUBS }}
  description: The {{ en.DHUBS }} installer facilitates the installation and integration of our modules, such as the Privileged Access Management (Beta) module. The installed service will establish communication between your {{ en.DHUBB }} and your internal resources.
---

The {{ en.DHUBS }} installer facilitates the installation and integration of our modules, such as the Privileged Access Management (Beta) module. The installed service will establish communication between your {{ en.DHUBB }} and your internal resources.

## Create an Application User

1. Go to {{ en.DHUB }}.
1. Click ***Administration*** – ***Application Users***.  
![Administration – Application Users](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6039.png)  
1. Select ***Add Application User (+)***.  
![Add Application User (+)](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6040.png)  

1. Enter a name and click ***Add***.   
1. Save the given ***Application Secret*** and ***Application key*** to your clipboard or as a PDF file. It will be needed during Devolutions Hub Services' installation.   
1. Save the given ***Application Secret*** and ***Application key*** to your clipboard or as a PDF file. It will be needed during {{ en.DHUBS }}' installation.   
![Save the given Application Secret and Application key](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6043.png)  

## Edit Permissions for the Application User

1. Go to {{ en.DHUB }}.
1. Click ***Administration*** – ***System Permissions***.
![Administration – System Permissions](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6048.png)
1. Go to the edit form.
![Edit form](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6049.png)
1. Select ***System***
1. Select your ***Application User*** in the drop-down menu under ***Manage privileged access tasks*** and ***Manage privileged access providers***. 
![System Permissions – Manage privileged access tasks and Manage privileged access providers](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6057.png)

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
You need to grant permission on the vault either at ***System level*** or ***Individual PAM vault level***. 
{% endsnippet %}  

## For all system vaults

1. In {{ en.DHUB }}, go to ***Administration*** – ***Configuration & Security*** – ***System Permissions***.
![Administration – Configuration & Security – System Permissions](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6048.png)
1. Go to the edit form.
![Edit form](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6049.png)
1. Select ***Vaults***.
1. Choose your ***Application User*** in the drop-down menu under the ***Contributor*** section.
![Contributor section](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6050.png)
1. Click ***Update*** to close the window. 

## For a specific Pam vault

1. In {{ en.DHUB }}, go to ***Administration*** – ***Management*** – ***Vaults***.
![Administration – Management – Vaults](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6044.png)
1. Select ***Add PAM vault*** in the menu to create your PAM vault.
![Administration – Management – Vaults – Add PAM vault](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6059.png)
1. Select the ***Edit*** tab at the ***Permissions*** section.
1. Choose your ***Application User*** in the drop-down menu under the ***Contributor*** section.
![Contributor section](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6056.png)
1. Click ***Update*** to close the window. 

## Installation of {{ en.DHUBS }} Beta

1. Download {{ en.DHUBS }} Beta [here](https://devolutions.net/password-hub/home/download/).
1. Launch the installer that you downloaded.
![{{ en.DHUBS }} setup](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6038.png) 
1. Click ***Next***.
1. Read the ***End-User License Agreement*** and click ***I accept the terms in the License Agreement***.
1. Click ***Next***.
1. Select ***PAM*** in the ***Custom Setup***. Note that the ***Encryption*** feature is currently unavailable.
1. Click ***Next***.
1. Enter your ***Host*** URL.
1. Enter the ***Application Secret*** and ***Application key*** previously saved.
1. Click ***Finish*** to complete the installation.
1. Click ***Test Connection***.
1. If your connection is successful, press ***Next***.
![Connection successful](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/hub/Hub6055.png) 
## Check {{ en.DHUBS }} logs

{{ en.DHUBS }}' logs are available in ***Windows Event Viewer***. The service should be able to connect to the previously created provider.
It's also possible to see the {{ en.DHUBS }} as a service in the Services window of Windows which shows the current status and where it can be started or stopped.
