docs/en/server/installation/registration/index.md, before:

---
title: Registration
order: 10
---
### Request a trial 
It is possible to request a 30-day trial to try {{ en.DVLS }} Enterprise version with all its features. For more information, please consult the [Trial Request](https://devolutions.net/server/trial) section.  

If you decide not to register at the end of the 30-day trial, your data will not be altered or erased, and you will have full access to it once you provide a valid license serial.  

### {{ en.DVLS }} Registration 
Please refer to the [{{ en.DVLS }} Registration](/server/installation/registration/register-server-license/) topic to properly register your version.  

### {{ en.DVLS }} FREE Edition Registration 
{{ en.DVLS }} Free Edition is targeted for small teams of 3 users and its features are similar to the Team edition. Registration is free. Please refer to the [{{ en.DVLS }} Registration Free Edition](/server/installation/registration/register-free-server-license/) section to properly register your version.  

To learn more and compare the different versions available please visit our website: [{{ en.DVLS }} compare](https://devolutions.net/server/compare) .

Commit message:

OH DVLS EN/FR Revert of license changes

docs/en/server/installation/registration/index.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Registration
  order: 10
  description: Register your {{ en.DVLS }} license.
---
## Request a trial 
It is possible to request a 30-day trial to try {{ en.DVLS }} Enterprise version with all its features. For more information, please consult [Trial request](https://devolutions.net/server/trial).  

If you decide not to register at the end of the 30-day trial, your data will not be altered or erased, and you will have full access to it once you provide a valid license serial.  

## {{ en.DVLS }} registration 
Please see [Register a {{ en.DVLS }} license](/server/installation/registration/register-server-license/) to properly register your version.  

## {{ en.DVLS }} Free registration 
{{ en.DVLS }} Free Edition is targeted for small teams of 3 users and its features are similar to the Team edition. Registration is free. Please see [Register a {{ en.DVLS }} Free license](/server/installation/registration/register-free-server-license/) to properly register your version.  

To learn more and compare the different versions available, please visit [{{ en.DVLS }} Compare Editions](https://devolutions.net/server/compare).
