---
_schema: default
eleventyComputed:
  title: ' System Information report WMI commands'
  description:
  status:
  keywords:
---
Here are the **WMI commands** used by the System Information Report entry  in {{ variables.RDM.en }}.

<table><tbody><tr><td><p><strong>Logical drives</strong></p></td><td><p>Perform the WMI query "Select * from Win32_LogicalDisk" and then filter on the result.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>Network adapters</strong></p></td><td><p>Perform the WMI query "Select * from Win32_NetworkAdapterConfiguration" and then filter on the result.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>Products</strong></p></td><td><p>Look in the following registry keys for the installed software through WMI using the StdRegProv class.</p><p>In <strong>HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE</strong>:</p><p>Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall</p><p>Software\WOW6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall</p><p>Software\Classes\Installer\Products</p><p>In <strong>HKEY_CURRENT_USER</strong>:</p><p>&lt;USER SID&gt;\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion</p><p>&lt;USER SID&gt;\Software\Microsoft\Installer\Products</p><p>All of the necessary information we get for the list of products is contained within these registry keys</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>System</strong></p></td><td><p>The system setting contains multiple different calls over WMI.</p><p><strong>Bios information</strong>: Fetch the information in the Win32_Bios class.</p><p><strong>TPM information</strong>:  Fetch the information in the Win32_Tpm class.</p><p><strong>CDRom information</strong>: Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_CDROMDrive" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Computer system information:</strong> Fetch the Win32_ComputerSystem class</p><p><strong>Memory information:</strong> Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_PhysicalMemory" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Monitor information:</strong> Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_DesktopMonitor" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Motherboard information:</strong> Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_BaseBoard" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Processor information:</strong> Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_Processor" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Sound device information</strong>: Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_SoundDevice" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Video controller information:</strong> Perform the query "SELECT * FROM Win32_VideoController" and then filter on the result.</p><p><strong>Other device information:</strong></p><p>Perform the following queries and filter the results:</p><p>"SELECT * FROM Win32_Keyboard"</p><p>"SELECT * FROM Win32_PointingDevice"</p><p><strong>Operating system information</strong>:</p><p>For the main OS version, fetch the Win32_OperatingSystem class.</p><p>For the build version, use the StdRegProv class to access the registry key SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion to check the version.</p><p>Antivirus: We switch to the WMI context SecurityCenter2, then fetch the information from the AntivirusProduct class.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

&nbsp;