docs/content/en/rdm/kb/rdm-windows/knowledge-base/website-authentication.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Website authentication with {{ en.RDMWIN }}
  status: Topic available in German language
---
The website entry is useful to point with a website and have login information already filled. Some steps are required to properly send the username and password and depending on the website, the process can be automatic or may require additional steps.
![Website entry](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0016_2024_2.png)

## Website entry fields overview
* ***Username***: Enter the username for that website.
* ***Domain***: Enter the domain for that website.
* ***Password***: Enter the password for that website.
![Credentials](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0017_2024_2.png)

* ***Autofill login***: Automatically fills in the credential fields when opening the web page.
* ***Autofill delay***: Set a delay between opening the web page and attempting the autofill feature.
* ***Auto submit***: Automatically submits the credentials and try connecting to the website.
{% snippet, "badgeInfo" %}
In the ***Log in*** tab, the ***Authentication*** needs to be set to ***Form*** and the ***Autofill login*** and ***Auto submit*** options enabled.
{% endsnippet %}

![Log in settings](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0018_2024_2.png)

The ***Discover*** command searches the fields in the web page that correspond to those in the entry. This allows the application to find the appropriate fields to fill when connecting to the website.
![Html control](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0019_2024_2.png)

## Troubleshoot missing fields
For some websites, the autofill function does not work automatically. It is important to note that some website will prevent you from autofilling your credentials. This method showcases how to manually identify the IDs corresponding to the login fields on the web page.

For both the username and password fields right-click inside each field and click on ***Inspect***.
![Inspect](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0021_2024_2.png)

You will see the corresponding IDs to be used in the ***Html control*** tab of the ***Website*** session in {{ en.RDM }}.

Below is an example of the inspection for the ***Username*** field. You can see that the username ID is "username".
![Username ID](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0020_2024_2.png)

Commit message:

RDMW KB Website auth snippet

docs/content/en/rdm/kb/rdm-windows/knowledge-base/website-authentication.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Website authentication with {{ en.RDMWIN }}
  status: Topic available in German language
---
The website entry is useful to point with a website and have login information already filled. Some steps are required to properly send the username and password and depending on the website, the process can be automatic or may require additional steps.
![Website entry](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0016_2024_2.png)

## Website entry fields overview
* ***Username***: Enter the username for that website.
* ***Domain***: Enter the domain for that website.
* ***Password***: Enter the password for that website.
![Credentials](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0017_2024_2.png)

* ***Autofill login***: Automatically fills in the credential fields when opening the web page.
* ***Autofill delay***: Set a delay between opening the web page and attempting the autofill feature.
* ***Auto submit***: Automatically submits the credentials and try connecting to the website.
{% snippet, "badgeInfo" %}
In the ***Log in*** tab, the ***Authentication*** needs to be set to ***Form*** and the ***Autofill login*** and ***Auto submit*** options enabled.
{% endsnippet %}

![Log in settings](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0018_2024_2.png)

The ***Discover*** command searches the fields in the web page that correspond to those in the entry. This allows the application to find the appropriate fields to fill when connecting to the website.
![Html control](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0019_2024_2.png)

## Troubleshoot missing fields
{% snippet, "badgeInfo" %}
A browser outside of {{ en.RDM }} needs to be used with this troubleshoot method.
{% endsnippet %}

For some websites, the autofill function does not work automatically. It is important to note that some website will prevent you from autofilling your credentials. This method showcases how to manually identify the IDs corresponding to the login fields on the web page.

For both the username and password fields right-click inside each field and click on ***Inspect***.
![Inspect](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0021_2024_2.png)

You will see the corresponding IDs to be used in the ***Html control*** tab of the ***Website*** session in {{ en.RDM }}.

Below is an example of the inspection for the ***Username*** field. You can see that the username ID is "username".
![Username ID](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW0020_2024_2.png)
