docs/en/hub/web-interface/administration/management/vaults/create-manage-vaults.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Create and manage vaults
  keywords:
  - role
---
***{{ en.VLT }}s*** are for sharing entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}.  

## Manage {{ en.VLT }}s

### Create a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT }}s***. 
1. Click on the ***Add*** icon at the top right of the screen.  
![!!Hub4098](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4098.png) 
1. ***Name*** the {{ en.VLT }}. 
    1. Optional: Write a short ***Description*** for the purpose of this {{ en.VLT }}.  
    ![!!Hub4099](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4099.png) 
1. Click ***Add*** to save. 

### Add permissions to a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT }}s***. 
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}. 
1. In the ***Edit*** tab section, click the drop-down menu next to each of the predefined ***Permissions*** to assign users and user groups or select and configure a custom role for your organization. 
{% snippet icon.badgeNotice %} 
Click the ***View Roles Definition*** button to choose from the list. You can also visit [Roles and Permissions](/hub/web-interface/administration/configuration-security/system-permissions/roles-permissions/). 
{% endsnippet %}
 
![!!Hub4035](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4035.png) 

4. Click ***Update*** to save. 

### Edit a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT }}s***. 
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}. 
![!!Hub4100](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4100.png) 
1. Click ***Update*** to save.

Commit message:

OH Hub EN Create and manage vaults

docs/en/hub/web-interface/administration/management/vaults/create-manage-vaults.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Create and manage {{ en.VLT }}s
  description: "{{ en.VLT }}s are useful to share entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}."
  keywords:
  - role
---
***{{ en.VLT }}s*** are useful to share entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}.  

## Manage {{ en.VLT }}s

### Create a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT }}s***. 
1. Click on the ***Add*** icon at the top right of the screen.  
![Add a {{ en.VLT }}](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4098.png) 
1. ***Name*** the {{ en.VLT }}.  
1. Optional: Write a short ***Description*** for the purpose of this {{ en.VLT }}.  
1. Click ***Add*** to save. 

### Add permissions to a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT }}s***. 
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}. 
1. In the ***Edit*** tab section, click the drop-down menu next to each of the predefined ***Permissions*** to assign users and user groups or select and configure a custom role for your organization. 
   {% snippet icon.badgeNotice %} 
   Click the ***View Roles Definition*** button to choose from the list. You can also visit [Roles and Permissions](/hub/web-interface/administration/configuration-security/system-permissions/roles-permissions/). 
   {% endsnippet %}

   ![Assign permissions](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub2347.png) 

4. Click ***Update*** to save. 

### Edit a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT }}s***. 
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}. 
![!!Hub4100](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/hub/Hub4100.png) 
1. Click ***Update*** to save.
