docs/content/en/rdm/commands/file/options/import.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Import options
  description: Select the Configuration File to import in {{ en.RDM }} and click on Open.
---
Select the [Configuration File](/rdm/windows/installation/client/configuration-file-location/) to import in {{ en.RDM }} and click on ***Open***.

### {{ en.RDM }} options file importer
![Application Options File Importer](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_rdm_windows_clip10186.png)

| OPTION                                             | DESCRIPTION                                             |
|----------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| Use the selected configuration file as the new one | Use the `RemoteDesktopManager.cfg` file as a new configuration file for your application. |
| Choose options to replace                          | Select which options to replace in your actual `RemoteDesktopManager.cfg` file. See below for more information. |
| Create a backup (.old)                             | Create a backup of your old `RemoteDesktopManager.cfg`. |

### Choose options to replace
![Application Options File Importer](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_rdm_windows_clip10187.png)

Decide which options to replace with the one from **RemoteDesktopManager.cfg** that you wish to import. Select ***Replace*** to replace an existing setting with a new one or select ***Ignore*** if you want to keep the setting that you already have.

Commit message:

OH RDMW Update Import Export Settings

docs/content/en/rdm/commands/file/options/import.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Import Settings
  description: Select the Configuration File to import in {{ en.RDM }} and click on Open.
---
Select the [Configuration File](/rdm/windows/installation/client/configuration-file-location/) to import in {{ en.RDM }} and click on ***Open***.

### {{ en.RDM }} Settings file importer
![Application Settings file importer](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW4066_2024_1.png)

| SETTING                                             | DESCRIPTION                                             |
|-----------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| Use the selected configuration file as the new one  | Use the `RemoteDesktopManager.cfg` file as a new configuration file for the application. |
| Choose options to replace                           | Select which settings to replace in the actual `RemoteDesktopManager.cfg` file. See below for more information. |
| Create a backup (.old)                              | Create a backup of the old `RemoteDesktopManager.cfg`. |

### Choose settings to replace
![Application Settings file importer](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW4065_2024_1.png)

Determine which settings to replace with the one from the imported **RemoteDesktopManager.cfg**. Select ***Replace*** to replace an existing setting with a new one or select ***Ignore*** to keep the current setting.
