docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager-mobile/android/how-to-articles/android-import-data-source-configuration.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: "{{ en.RDMANDROID }} import data source configuration"
---
It is possible to import data source configuration files for {{ en.RDMANDROID }}.

1. To export the data source configuration from {{ en.RDM }}, navigate to ***File - Data Sources*** Select the data source to import on the Android device, click on ***Export Data Source Configuration***, and save therdd file on the computer.
![!!KB4181](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4181.png)
1. Select the .rdd file exported from {{ en.RDM }} and transfer it on your Android via the Windows File Explorer.

   The file is now copied in the device but still needs to be imported in the {{ en.RDMANDROID }} file repository.
3. From the Android device, launch {{ en.RDMANDROID }} and tap ***Data Sources*** from the side menu.
1. Tap on the ***Ellipsis*** icon at the top right and tap ***Import***.
1. Select the rdd file imported and tap ***Select***.
![!!KB4182](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4182.png)
1. The new data source will show in the ***Data Sources*** menu.
![!!KB4183](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4183.png)

Commit message:

Update android-import-data-source-configuration.md [auto]

docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager-mobile/android/how-to-articles/android-import-data-source-configuration.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: "{{ en.RDMANDROID }} import data source configuration"
---
It is possible to import data source configuration files for {{ en.RDMANDROID }}.

{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %}
The RDD file does not include the content of the data source; only the configuration is exported. Use the entry's export functionality to back up or copy the content of the database.
{% endsnippet %}

1. To export the data source configuration from {{ en.RDM }}, navigate to ***File - Data Sources*** Select the data source to import on the Android device, click on ***Export Data Source Configuration***, and save therdd file on the computer.
![!!KB4181](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4181.png)
1. Select the .rdd file exported from {{ en.RDM }} and transfer it on your Android via the Windows File Explorer.

   The file is now copied in the device but still needs to be imported in the {{ en.RDMANDROID }} file repository.
3. From the Android device, launch {{ en.RDMANDROID }} and tap ***Data Sources*** from the side menu.
1. Tap on the ***Ellipsis*** icon at the top right and tap ***Import***.
1. Select the rdd file imported and tap ***Select***.
![!!KB4182](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4182.png)
1. The new data source will show in the ***Data Sources*** menu.
![!!KB4183](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4183.png)
