docs/content/en/kb/devolutions-server/troubleshooting-articles/domain-group-not-retrieved.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Domain group membership is not retrieved properly
  description: This is a solution for when the domain group membership is not retrieved correctly from Active Directory.
---
The following steps are the same for Teams, Enterprise, and Platinum licenses.

1. Access the {{ en.DVLS }} web interface and connect using an administrator account.
1. Go to the ***Administration*** tab.
1. Go to the ***Server Settings – Authentication – Domain*** page.
![Domain](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0022.png)
1. Click on the ***Diagnostics*** button to the top right.
![Diagnostics](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0023.png)
1. Set the ***Diagnostic type*** option to ***Get groups by user***.
![Get groups by user](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0013.png)
1. Enter a username from the problematic group in the ***Parameter*** field.
1. Set the ***Strategy*** option to ***Directory entry token group***.
![Strategy](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0014.png)
1. Click on ***Get Diagnostic***.
![Get Diagnostic Button](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0015.png)
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
If this fails, instead use ***Directory entry token group (Legacy)*** or ***Recursively*** in the ***Strategy*** dropdown.
{% endsnippet %}

9. Close this window by clicking on ***Close***.
1. Click on ***Advanced Settings***.
![Advanced Settings Button](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0024.png)
1. Under ***Strategy***, change the ***Get groups by user*** option to the one selected in step 7.
![Strategy – Get groups by user](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0018.png)
1. Click on ***OK*** to save the changes.

Commit message:

OH KB Domain group membership updated

docs/content/en/kb/devolutions-server/troubleshooting-articles/domain-group-not-retrieved.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Domain group membership is not retrieved properly
  description: This is a solution for when the domain group membership is not retrieved correctly from Active Directory.
---
The following steps are the same for Teams, Enterprise, and Platinum licenses.

1. Access the {{ en.DVLS }} web interface and connect using an administrator account.
1. Go to the ***Administration*** tab.
1. Go to the ***Server Settings – Authentication – Domain*** page.
![Domain](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0022.png)
1. Go to your domain anb click on the ***Diagnostics*** button.
![Diagnostics](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB6001_2024_1.png)
1. Set the ***Diagnostic type*** option to ***Get groups by user***.
![Get groups by user](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0013.png)
1. Enter a username from the problematic group in the ***Parameter*** field.
1. Set the ***Strategy*** option to ***Directory entry token group***.
![Strategy](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0014.png)
1. Click on ***Get Diagnostic***.
![Get Diagnostic Button](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0015.png)
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
If this fails, instead use ***Directory entry token group (Legacy)*** or ***Recursively*** in the ***Strategy*** dropdown.
{% endsnippet %}

9. Close this window by clicking on ***Close***.
1. Go to your domain et click on the ***Edit*** button.
![Edit](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB6002_2024_1.png)
1. Click on ***Advanced Settings***.
![Advanced Settings Button](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB0024.png)
1. Under ***Strategy***, change the ***Get groups by user*** option to the one selected in step 7.
![Strategy – Get groups by user](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB6000_2024_1.png)
1. Click on ***OK*** to save the changes.
