docs/en/rdm/windows/commands/administration/settings/system-settings/vault-management/batch-grant-access.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Batch Grant Access
  description: The Batch Grant Access feature allows you to set permissions and permission sets to multiple users, user groups, and/or application users at once on entries, folders, and {{ en.VLT }}s.
---
The ***Batch Grant Access*** feature allows you to assign permissions and permission sets to multiple users, user groups, and/or application users at once on entries, folders, and {{ en.VLT }}s.

## Location

***Batch Grant Access*** can be found in the properties of entries, folders, and {{ en.VLT }}s under ***Security – Permissions*** (or ***Security – Inherited permissions*** for the {{ en.VLT }} root). Set the permissions to ***Custom***, then click ***Grant Access***.

It can also be accessed via ***Administration***:
1. In {{ en.RDMW }}, go to ***Administration – System Settings – {{ en.VLT }} Management***.
1. Under ***Default Permissions***, select ***Custom*** in the ***Permission*** drop-down menu.
1. Click on ***Grant Access***.

The ***Batch Grant Access*** window is now open.

The window is divided in two sections: the <a href="#permissions">permission settings</a> and the <a href="#users">user selection</a>.

## Settings

### Permissions

In the permission settings, you can select the permissions to grant. You can either display indivudual ***Permissions*** or previously created (or default) ***Permission Sets***.

{% snippet icon.badgeHelp %} 
Permission sets are created and configured in ***Administration – System Settings – {{ en.VLT }} Management – Permission Sets***. For more information, see [Permission Sets](/rdm/windows/commands/administration/settings/system-settings/vault-management/permission-sets/).
{% endsnippet %}

### Users

Users can be selected one by one by checking the box next to each one, but this method can be tedious if you have a lot of users. Tools are available to help you in your selection process:
* ***Filter***: Filter through your users, user groups, and application users by ***Name*** or ***Description***.
* ***Type***: Display only users, user groups, or application users.
* ***Selected***: Display only selected or unselected users, user groups, and application users.

Commit message:

OH RDM Win EN/FR Batch Grant Access and Permission Sets

docs/en/rdm/windows/commands/administration/settings/system-settings/vault-management/batch-grant-access.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Batch Grant Access
  description: The Batch Grant Access feature allows you to set permissions and permission sets to multiple users, user groups, and/or application users at once on entries, folders, and {{ en.VLT }}s.
---
The ***Batch Grant Access*** feature allows you to assign permissions and permission sets to multiple users, user groups, and/or application users at once on entries, folders, and {{ en.VLT }}s.

## Location

***Batch Grant Access*** can be found in the properties of entries, folders, and {{ en.VLT }}s under ***Security – Permissions*** (or ***Security – Inherited permissions*** for the {{ en.VLT }} root). Set the permissions to ***Custom***, then click ***Grant Access***.

![Properties – Security – Permissions](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin2185.png)

It can also be accessed via ***Administration***:
1. In {{ en.RDM }}, go to ***Administration – System Settings – {{ en.VLT }} Management***.
1. Under ***Default Permissions***, select ***Custom*** in the ***Permission*** drop-down menu.

   ![Custom Default Permissions](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin2186.png)

1. Click on ***Grant Access***.

   ![Grant Access](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin2187.png)

The ***Batch Grant Access*** window is now open.

The window is divided in two sections: the <a href="#permissions">permission settings</a> and the <a href="#users">user selection</a>.

![Batch Grant Access](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin2188.png)

## Settings

### Permissions

In the permission settings, you can select the permissions to grant. You can either grant indivudual ***Permissions*** or previously created (or default) ***Permission Sets***.

{% snippet icon.badgeHelp %} 
Permission sets are created and configured in ***Administration – System Settings – {{ en.VLT }} Management – Permission Sets***. For more information, see [Permission Sets](/rdm/windows/commands/administration/settings/system-settings/vault-management/permission-sets/).
{% endsnippet %}

![Permission settings](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin2189.png)

### Users

Users can be selected one by one by checking the box next to each one, but this method can be tedious if you have a lot of users. Tools are available to help you in your selection process:
* ***Filter***: Filter through your users, user groups, and application users by ***Name*** or ***Description***.
* ***Type***: Display only users, user groups, or application users.
* ***Selected***: Display only selected or unselected users, user groups, and application users.

![User selection](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin2190.png)
