docs/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/how-to-articles/team-tips.md, before:

---
title: Team Tips
keywords:
- role
---
Here are five RDM team tips.

## Security, Users & user groups

Sharing session information is great -- but controlling access is bliss.

Through {{ en.RDM }}'s User groups system, you can control access and user rights for specific sessions and actions.

Start by creating user groups and naming them accordingly to what you expect them to be able to view and use. Then assign users to them. Now all you have to do is assign user groups to entries and folders according to your wishes.

## Streamlined Deployment With Custom Installer

Okay: you’re ready to deploy {{ en.RDM }} and make everyone see you as the company hero. You’ve manually configured your data sources, specified your site license, and defined system options. You can feel the excitement coursing through your veins. You are on a mission!  

But wait – before you go live, why not have us create a [Custom Installer](/rdm/windows/installation/client/custom-installer-service/custom-installer-manager/) for you? Once we do that, your grateful team will only need to install the resulting MSI file to access their ready-to-use pre-configured {{ en.RDM }} installation. You will be loved by one and all, perhaps with a parade, a state, or an award named after you.

## Version Management

Here’s a familiar scenario: your team has been using {{ en.RDM }} for months or even years, and all is well. Then along comes a new version full of cool new features, and you think that everyone in your company should upgrade. This window below depicts the different options at your disposal to control client versions.  
![!!KB4598.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4598.png)  

We’ve made this extremely easy. Simply open Administration – Data Source Settings (System Settings) – Version Management Below, a description of some of the settings;  

- Disable auto update notification – This will disable the "New version is available" message. (You’re welcome!)
- Minimal version – This specifies the minimal acceptable version. If a member of your team runs an RDM version below this level, they’ll be prompted to upgrade.
- Download URL – This improves install speed by downloading the MSI onto your local network, and lets all of your team members easily upgrade from this path. In short, this saves time and avoids installing the wrong version.  

The Administration – Data Source Settings (System Settings) – Serial Number section is useful if you have a Site or Global License, and keeps you from having to manually set the key on every client.

## Data Source Settings (System Settings)

The general tab of the Administration – Data Source Settings (System Settings) form allows you to easily control security aspects.  

A great team feature here is the System Message , which allows an administrator to inform users of upcoming system downtime, policy change or anything else. Each user will get the message when they perform the next action (open, edit, refresh…) of the data source. Use it to display company confidentially clauses or, if you wish, create chaos with a message like the one below. A little bit of chaos is good for the soul.  

![!!KB4599.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4599.png)

## {{ en.DPS }}

Do you need Active Directory integration? Or perhaps you have off site users who need to access the shared data source, but don’t want to use a VPN connection? Maybe you want more security and caching? {{ en.DPS }} delivers all that and much more!

You deploy {{ en.DPS }} on-premises and can decide to publish the instance only on your intranet; or go all the way and offer it online. This allows you to create an enterprise wide high-end data store. Find out more about {{ en.DPS }} at [http://server.devolutions.net/](http://server.devolutions.net/).

Commit message:

OH/KB EN/FR Self-hosted

docs/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/how-to-articles/team-tips.md, after:

---
title: Team tips
keywords:
- role
---
Here are five {{ en.RDM }} team tips.

## Security, users, and user groups

Sharing session information is great -- but controlling access is bliss.

Through {{ en.RDM }}'s User groups system, you can control access and user rights for specific sessions and actions.

Start by creating user groups and naming them accordingly to what you expect them to be able to view and use. Then assign users to them. Now all you have to do is assign user groups to entries and folders according to your wishes.

## Streamlined deployment with the Custom Installer

Okay: you are ready to deploy {{ en.RDM }} and make everyone see you as the company hero. You have manually configured your data sources, specified your site license, and defined system options. You can feel the excitement coursing through your veins. You are on a mission!  

But wait – before you go live, why not have us create a [Custom Installer](/rdm/windows/installation/client/custom-installer-service/custom-installer-manager/) for you? Once we do that, your grateful team will only need to install the resulting MSI file to access their ready-to-use pre-configured {{ en.RDM }} installation. You will be loved by one and all, perhaps with a parade, a state, or an award named after you.

## Version management

Here is a familiar scenario: your team has been using {{ en.RDM }} for months or even years, and all is well. Then along comes a new version full of cool new features, and you think that everyone in your company should upgrade. This window below depicts the different options at your disposal to control client versions.  
![!!KB4598.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4598.png)  

We’ve made this extremely easy. Simply open Administration – Data Source Settings (System Settings) – Version Management Below, a description of some of the settings;  

* Disable auto update notification – This will disable the "New version is available" message. (You’re welcome!)
* Minimal version – This specifies the minimal acceptable version. If a member of your team runs an RDM version below this level, they’ll be prompted to upgrade.
* Download URL – This improves install speed by downloading the MSI onto your local network, and lets all of your team members easily upgrade from this path. In short, this saves time and avoids installing the wrong version.  

The ***Administration – Data Source Settings (System Settings) – Serial Number*** section is useful if you have a Site or Global License, and keeps you from having to manually set the key on every client.

## Data Source Settings (System Settings)

The general tab of the ***Administration – Data Source Settings (System Settings)*** form allows you to easily control security aspects.  

A great team feature here is the System Message , which allows an administrator to inform users of upcoming system downtime, policy change or anything else. Each user will get the message when they perform the next action (open, edit, refresh, …) of the data source. Use it to display company confidentially clauses or, if you wish, create chaos with a message like the one below. A little bit of chaos is good for the soul.  

![!!KB4599.png](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/kb/KB4599.png)

## {{ en.DVLS }}

Do you need Active Directory integration? Or perhaps you have off-site users who need to access the shared data source, but do not want to use a VPN connection? Maybe you want more security and caching? {{ en.DVLS }} delivers all that and much more!

You self-host {{ en.DVLS }} and can decide to publish the instance only on your intranet (locally); or go all the way and offer it online (private cloud). This allows you to create an enterprise-wide high-end data store. Find out more about {{ en.DVLS }} at [http://server.devolutions.net/](http://server.devolutions.net/).
