docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/how-to-articles/convert-with-templates.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Convert an entry with template groups 
  description: 
---

{{ en.RDM }} allows you to convert an entry with [template groups](/rdm/windows/commands/file/templates/creating-templates/)  and add preset sub connections to the converted main entry.

1. Open {{ en.RDM }}.
1. Right click on an entry and select ***Edit – Edit (Special Actions)***.
1. The ***Edit – Special Action Selection*** window opens. 
1. Select ***Convert with Templates***.
1. Click ***OK***.
![ Edit - Special Action Selection](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6209.png)  
1. The ***Entry Conversion with Template*** window opens.
1. Choose which ***entry parts*** you want to keep. 
1. Click ***Add template sub entries***. You can also select ***Clear current sub entries*** if needed.
1. Select ***Shared*** or ***Local template***.
1. Click ***OK***.
![Entry Conversion with Template](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6212.png)  
The entry has been converted.

Commit message:

KB RDM WIN EN Concert with templates updated

docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/how-to-articles/convert-with-templates.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Convert an entry with template groups 
  description: '{{ en.RDM }} allows you to convert an entry with [template groups](/rdm/windows/commands/file/templates/creating-templates/)  and add preset sub connections to the converted main entry.'
---

{{ en.RDM }} allows you to convert an entry with [template groups](/rdm/windows/commands/file/templates/creating-templates/)  and add preset sub connections to the converted main entry.

1. Open {{ en.RDM }}.
1. Right click on an entry and select ***Edit – Edit (Special Actions)***.
1. The ***Edit – Special Action Selection*** window opens. 
1. Select ***Convert with Templates***.
1. Click ***OK***.
![ Edit - Special Action Selection](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6209.png)  
1. The ***Entry Conversion with Template*** window opens.
1. Choose which ***entry parts*** you want to keep. 
1. Click ***Add template sub entries***. You can also select ***Clear current sub entries*** if needed.
1. Select ***Shared*** or ***Local template***.
1. Click ***OK***.
![Entry Conversion with Template](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6212.png)  
The entry has been converted.
