docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/how-to-articles/otp-usage-entries.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: OTP usage with entries
---
{{ en.RDM }} entries can be set up to use ***One Time Password (OTP)*** when launch.

In the ***Connection – One Time Password*** section of an entry, select a credential ***Source*** and a ***Usage*** for the OTP code.
![!!KB5004](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5004.png)

For [Source](#source) configuration information, select from the list or click this link to jump to the [Usage](#usage) configuration information.

## Source
Credential ***Source*** are used to link entries to OTP account credential information.

### Current session's credentials
The ***Current session's credentials*** options will use the OTP credentials setup in the entry ***Common - General - Credentials*** section. Credentials options available with OTP are [***My personal credentials***](/rdm/windows/commands/file/my-account-settings/my-personal-credentials/), ***My privileged account*** and ***Embedded*** (this mode is deprecated and not recommended). 

{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %}
In a team environment, we recommend using the [Linked ({{ en.VLT }})](#linked-vault) option instead with a ***One Time Password (OTP)*** credential entry.
{% endsnippet %}

![!!KB5008](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5008.png)

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
For the Copy OTP option to appear in the contextual (right-click) menu of an entry, an OTP must be configured and set in the ***Properties*** of the entry, in ***Connection – One Time Password***.
{% endsnippet %}

### Custom
Choose the ***Custom*** option to save the OTP credentials in the entry itself.
![!!KB5005](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5005.png)

### Inherited
The ***Inherited*** option will climb up the navigation tree until it has access to a set of OTP credentials in a parent folder in the ***Connection - One Time Password*** section.

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
***For the Source*** inheritance to work, the ***Connection - One Time Password - Source*** needs to be set to ***Inherited*** for every parent folder until it reaches the desired configuration.
{% endsnippet %}

![!!KB5009](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5009.png)

### Linked ({{ en.VLT }})
Link your entry to use an existing specific ***One Time Password (OTP)*** credential entry from the same {{ en.VLT }}. This is the preferred method.

![!!KB5006](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5006.png)

### None
By default, the entries OTP ***Source*** is set to ***None*** In this state the entry is not linked to any OTP credentials.

### Prompt
The ***Prompt*** option opens a credential list of available OTP credentials every time the session launch.

![!!KB5007](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5007.png)

## Usage
One Time Password ***Usage*** is an option to affix the OTP code. Here is the list of possible actions:

* ***None***: No action is done. This is the set default setting.
* ***Append to the password***: Affix the OTP after the password.
* ***Prepend to the password***: Affix the OTP before the password.
* ***Specific to session***: If selected, the OTP will, if it applies, be used in a manner specific to the session being launched. This option is specific for OpenVPN and SophosVPN.
* ***Inherited***: Will climb up the navigation tree until it has access to a ***Usage*** setting in a parent folder in the ***Connection - One Time Password*** section. For the ***Usage*** inheritance to work, the ***Connection - One Time Password - Usage*** needs to be set to ***Inherited*** for every parent folder until it reaches the desired configuration.
* ***Append to the username***: Affix the OTP after the username.
* ***Prepend to the username***: Affix the OTP before the username.

Commit message:

KB RDM EN OTP usage entries updated

docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/how-to-articles/otp-usage-entries.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: OTP usage with entries
  description: '{{ en.RDM }} entries can be set up to use ***One Time Password (OTP)*** when launch.'
---
{{ en.RDM }} entries can be set up to use ***One Time Password (OTP)*** when launch.

In the ***Connection – One Time Password*** section of an entry, select a credential ***Source*** and a ***Usage*** for the OTP code. Type if needed a ***combinaison string***. For example, you might configure an OTP to prepend or append a user-defined token or string to the username or password.

![Connection – One Time Password](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW6005_2023_2.png)

For [Source](#source) configuration information, select from the list or click this link to jump to the [Usage](#usage) configuration information.

## Source
Credential ***Source*** are used to link entries to OTP account credential information.

### Current session's credentials
The ***Current session's credentials*** options will use the OTP credentials setup in the entry ***Common - General - Credentials*** section. Credentials options available with OTP are [***My personal credentials***](/rdm/windows/commands/file/my-account-settings/my-personal-credentials/), ***My privileged account*** and ***Embedded*** (this mode is deprecated and not recommended). 

{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %}
In a team environment, we recommend using the [Linked ({{ en.VLT }})](#linked-vault) option instead with a ***One Time Password (OTP)*** credential entry.
{% endsnippet %}

![Current session's credentials](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW6006_2023_2.png)

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
For the Copy OTP option to appear in the contextual (right-click) menu of an entry, an OTP must be configured and set in the ***Properties*** of the entry, in ***Connection – One Time Password***.
{% endsnippet %}

### Inherited
The ***Inherited*** option will climb up the navigation tree until it has access to a set of OTP credentials in a parent folder in the ***Connection - One Time Password*** section.

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
***For the Source*** inheritance to work, the ***Connection - One Time Password - Source*** needs to be set to ***Inherited*** for every parent folder until it reaches the desired configuration.
{% endsnippet %}

![Inherited ](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW6008_2023_2.png)

### Linked ({{ en.VLT }})
Link your entry to use an existing specific ***One Time Password (OTP)*** credential entry from the same {{ en.VLT }}. This is the preferred method.

![Linked](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMW6009_2023_2.png)

### None
By default, the entries OTP ***Source*** is set to ***None*** In this state the entry is not linked to any OTP credentials.

### Prompt
The ***Prompt*** option opens a credential list of available OTP credentials every time the session launch.

![Prompt](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB5007.png)

## Usage
One Time Password ***Usage*** is an option to affix the OTP code. Here is the list of possible actions:

* ***None***: No action is done. This is the set default setting.
* ***Append to the password***: Affix the OTP after the password.
* ***Prepend to the password***: Affix the OTP before the password.
* ***Specific to session***: If selected, the OTP will, if it applies, be used in a manner specific to the session being launched. This option is specific for OpenVPN and SophosVPN.
* ***Inherited***: Will climb up the navigation tree until it has access to a ***Usage*** setting in a parent folder in the ***Connection - One Time Password*** section. For the ***Usage*** inheritance to work, the ***Connection - One Time Password - Usage*** needs to be set to ***Inherited*** for every parent folder until it reaches the desired configuration.
* ***Append to the username***: Affix the OTP after the username.
* ***Prepend to the username***: Affix the OTP before the username.
