docs/en/rdm/mac/privileged-access-management/pam-dashboard.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: PAM dashboard
---
{% snippet icon.badgeNotice %}
A license is now required to enable the Privileged Access Management (PAM) module. Please contact our [sales department](mailto:sales@devolutions.net) for more information about the license.
{% endsnippet %}

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
The ***PAM Dashboard*** is only available with [{{ en.DVLS }}](https://devolutions.net/server).
{% endsnippet %}

The ***PAM Dashboard*** feature can be found in the ***View*** tab.  
![PAM Dashboard](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0006.png)

In the ***PAM Dashboard***, for every privileged account, it is possible to connect to the account, copy the password, and manage the checkout/check-in process.  

To access the user accounts, a PAM folder must first be selected. If you have multiple folders, it might be helpful to use the filter bar to find the one you are looking for. Note that these are the same folders as in your {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}. You can go to [Privileged Account Management in {{ en.DVLS }}](/server/privileged-access-management/) to learn more about it.  
![PAM Dashboard](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0007.png)

When the folder is selected, all the accounts in that folder will appear. It is possible to sort them by ***Name***, ***Folder Path***, ***Username***, ***Account Type***, or ***Checkout Status***.  
![PAM Dashboard](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0008.png)

If there are multiple accounts in the folder, you can use the search bar to display only the accounts containing what you typed. You can push your search even further by filtering the accounts by credential type.  
![Search Bar](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0009.png)

## Check Out request with custom time

It is possible to make a ***Check Out*** request for a certain time slot while in a PAM {{ en.VLT }}. This feature is very useful for planned maintenance outside of normal work hours, when approvers are not available.

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
Making a ***Check Out*** request in advance is only available in PAM {{ en.VLT }}s.
{% endsnippet %}  

### Steps
1. Connect to a {{ en.DVLS }} data source.
1. In the {{ en.RDMMAC }} ribbon, click on ***View*** and then ***PAM Dashboard***.
1. Select a PAM {{ en.VLT }} from the dropdown.
1. Right-click on an entry and click on ***Check Out***.
1. Enable ***Set custom time frame***.
1. Set the ***Start time*** and ***End time***.
   {% snippet icon.shieldInfo %}
   It is recommended to add a ***Comment*** to let the approver know why the ***Check Out*** is needed.
   {% endsnippet %}  
1. Click on ***OK*** to send the request and close the window.

Commit message:

OH RDM Mac pam checkout request updated

docs/en/rdm/mac/privileged-access-management/pam-dashboard.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: PAM dashboard
---
{% snippet icon.badgeNotice %}
A license is now required to enable the Privileged Access Management (PAM) module. Please contact our [sales department](mailto:sales@devolutions.net) for more information about the license.
{% endsnippet %}

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
The ***PAM Dashboard*** is only available with [{{ en.DVLS }}](https://devolutions.net/server).
{% endsnippet %}

The ***PAM Dashboard*** feature can be found in the ***View*** tab.  
![PAM Dashboard](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0006.png)

In the ***PAM Dashboard***, for every privileged account, it is possible to connect to the account, copy the password, and manage the checkout/check-in process.  

To access the user accounts, a PAM folder must first be selected. If you have multiple folders, it might be helpful to use the filter bar to find the one you are looking for. Note that these are the same folders as in your {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}. You can go to [Privileged Account Management in {{ en.DVLS }}](/server/privileged-access-management/) to learn more about it.  
![PAM Dashboard](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0007.png)

When the folder is selected, all the accounts in that folder will appear. It is possible to sort them by ***Name***, ***Folder Path***, ***Username***, ***Account Type***, or ***Checkout Status***.  
![PAM Dashboard](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0008.png)

If there are multiple accounts in the folder, you can use the search bar to display only the accounts containing what you typed. You can push your search even further by filtering the accounts by credential type.  
![Search Bar](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac0009.png)

## Check Out request with custom time

It is possible to make a ***Check Out*** request for a certain time slot while in a PAM {{ en.VLT }}. This feature is very useful for planned maintenance outside of normal work hours, when approvers are not available.

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
Making a ***Check Out*** request in advance is only available in PAM {{ en.VLT }}s.
{% endsnippet %}  

### Steps
1. Connect to a {{ en.DVLS }} data source.
1. In the {{ en.RDMMAC }} ribbon, click on ***View*** and then ***PAM Dashboard***.
1. Select a PAM {{ en.VLT }} from the dropdown.
1. Right-click on an entry and click on ***Check Out***.
1. Select whom you want to send the request to. Choosing ***All Approvers*** speeds up the process by allowing the first available approver to confirm the request.
1. Enable ***Set custom time frame***.
1. Set the ***Start time*** and ***End time***. It is recommended to add a ***Comment*** to let the approver know why the ***Check Out*** is needed.
1. Click on ***OK*** to send the request and close the window.

![Check-out Request](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/rdm/mac/RDMMac6061.png)
