docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager-mobile/ios/how-to-articles/ios-send-rdp-logs-support.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: "{{ en.RDMIOS }} send RDP logs to Devolutions support"
---
Follow these steps to send sessions logs to our support team when encountering an issue with RDP.

1. On the main application screen, press ***More*** in the toolbar and select ***Settings***.
![!!KB4162](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4162.png)
1. Under ***Sessions*** press ***RDP***, to open the RDP settings screen, and ***Enable logging***.
![!!KB4163](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4163.png)
1. ***Launch*** the RDP session to reproduce the issue.
1. On the main screen, press ***More*** in the toolbar and select ***Tools***.
1. In the ***File Repository***, you should see a file named RPD_LOG.log. Press on the information icon and select ***Preview***.
1. Press on the icon at the top-right corner of the screen and select your preferred email application.
![!!KB4166](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_kb_KB4166.png)
1. Enter [service@devolutions.net](mailto:service@devolutions.net) for the recipient and send the email.

Commit message:

KB RDM Mobile EN Updated send RDP logs to devolutions support

docs/content/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager-mobile/ios/how-to-articles/ios-send-rdp-logs-support.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: "{{ en.RDMIOS }} send RDP logs to Devolutions support"
  description: Follow these steps to send sessions logs to our support team when encountering an issue with RDP.
---
Follow these steps to send sessions logs to our support team when encountering an issue with RDP.

1. On the main application screen, press ***More*** in the toolbar and select ***Settings***.
1. Tap ***Sessions***.
![!!KB4163](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/RDMMOBILE6012.png)
1. Under ***Sessions*** press ***RDP***, to open the RDP settings screen, and ***Enable logging***.
1. ***Launch*** the RDP session to reproduce the issue.
1. On the main screen, press ***More*** in the toolbar and select ***Tools***.
1. In the ***File Repository***, you should see a file named RPD_LOG.log. Press on the information icon and select ***Preview***.
1. Press on the icon at the top-right corner of the screen and select your preferred email application.
1. Enter [service@devolutions.net](mailto:service@devolutions.net) for the recipient and send the email.
