docs/content/en/kb/devolutions-server/how-to-articles/configure-windows-authentication.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Configure Windows authentication
---
{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %}
The machine hosting {{ en.DVLS }} must be joined to the configured domain for Windows Authentication to work.
{% endsnippet %}

These steps provide the information to enable the ***Windows Authentication*** feature in {{ en.DVLS }}.

## Steps

1. In ***Administration – Server Settings – Authentication*** of the {{ en.DVLS }} instance web interface, check the ***Enable Windows authentication*** option box. When done, click on the ***Save*** button.
![!!KB4377](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4377.png)
1. Set the administrator credential properties in the Administration – Server Settings – Authentication – Domains.
2. Open the ***Server Manager*** desktop application and go to ***Manage – Add Roles and Features***.
![!!KB5001](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB5001.png)
1. In the ***Server Roles*** section, ensure that the ***Windows Authentication*** server role is installed.
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
When done, you can close the ***Add Roles and Features Wizard*** and ***Server Manager*** windows.
{% endsnippet %}

![!!KB4378](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4378.png)

5. Open the ***IIS Manager***. Select the server in the tree view and open the ***Feature Delegation*** in the ***Management*** section.
![!!KB4379](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4379.png)
1. Set the ***Authentication - Windows*** feature to the ***Read/Write*** value.
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
When done, you can close the ***IIS Manager***.
{% endsnippet %}

![!!KB2129](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB2129.png)

7. Finally, in the data source configuration of each client in {{ en.RDM }}, enable the ***Use Windows authentication*** option, then click ***OK*** when done to save your modifications.
![!!KB4381](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4381.png)

Commit message:

OH DVLS EN updated title to domain sign-on SSO

docs/content/en/kb/devolutions-server/how-to-articles/configure-windows-authentication.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Configure domain single sign-on (SSO)
  description: The machine hosting {{ en.DVLS }} must be joined to the configured domain for domain single sign-on (SSO) to work.
---
{% snippet icon.badgeCaution %}
The machine hosting {{ en.DVLS }} must be joined to the configured domain for domain single sign-on (SSO) to work.
{% endsnippet %}

These steps provide the information to enable the ***domain single sign-on (SSO)*** feature in {{ en.DVLS }}.

## Steps

1. In ***Administration – Server Settings – Authentication*** of the {{ en.DVLS }} instance web interface, check the ***Enable domain single sign-on (SSO)*** option box. When done, click on the ***Save*** button.
![check the Enable domain single sign-on (SSO) option box](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/server/DVLS6007_2024_1.png)
1. Set the administrator credential properties in the ***Administration – Server Settings – Authentication – Domains***.
2. Open the ***Server Manager*** desktop application and go to ***Manage – Add Roles and Features***.
![!!KB5001](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB5001.png)
1. In the ***Server Roles*** section, ensure that the ***Windows Authentication*** server role is installed.
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
When done, you can close the ***Add Roles and Features Wizard*** and ***Server Manager*** windows.
{% endsnippet %}

![!!KB4378](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4378.png)

5. Open the ***IIS Manager***. Select the server in the tree view and open the ***Feature Delegation*** in the ***Management*** section.
![!!KB4379](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4379.png)
1. Set the ***Authentication - Windows*** feature to the ***Read/Write*** value.
{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
When done, you can close the ***IIS Manager***.
{% endsnippet %}

![!!KB2129](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB2129.png)

7. Finally, in the data source configuration of each client in {{ en.RDM }}, enable the ***Use Windows authentication*** option, then click ***OK*** when done to save your modifications.
![!!KB4381](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/en/kb/KB4381.png)
