docs/content/en/hub/web-interface/administration/management/vaults/create-manage-vaults.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Create and manage {{ en.VLT }}s
  description: "{{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s are useful to share entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}."
  keywords:
  - role
---
***{{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s*** are useful to share entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}.

## Manage {{ en.VLT }}s

### Create a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s***.
1. Click on the ***Add*** icon at the top right of the screen.
![Add a {{ en.VLT }}](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_hub_Hub4098.png)
1. ***Name*** the {{ en.VLT }}.
1. Optional: Write a short ***Description*** for the purpose of this {{ en.VLT }}.
1. Click ***Add*** to save.

### Add permissions to a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s***.
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}.
1. In the ***Edit*** tab section, click the drop-down menu next to each of the predefined ***Permissions*** to assign users and user groups or select and configure a custom role for your organization.
   {% snippet, "badgeNotice" %}
   Click the ***View Roles Definition*** button to choose from the list. You can also visit [Roles and Permissions](/hub/web-interface/administration/configuration-security/system-permissions/roles-permissions/).
   {% endsnippet %}

   ![Assign permissions](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_hub_Hub2347.png)

4. Click ***Update*** to save.

### Edit a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s***.
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}.
![!!Hub4100](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_hub_Hub4100.png)
1. Click ***Update*** to save.

Commit message:

Hub EN/FR Vault content types

docs/content/en/hub/web-interface/administration/management/vaults/create-manage-vaults.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Create and manage {{ en.VLT }}s
  description: "{{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s are useful to share entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}."
  keywords:
  - role
---
***{{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s*** are useful to share entries with users and user groups of your organization in {{ en.DHUBB }}.

## Manage {{ en.VLT }}s

### Create a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s***.
1. Click on the ***Add*** icon at the top right of the screen, then ***Add {{ en.VLT }}***.
![Add a {{ en.VLT }}](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_hub_Hub4098.png)
1. Choose a [{{ en.VLT }} content type](/rdm/user-interface/customization/vault-types) (default, business, secrets, or credentials). {{ en.VLT_MAJ }} content types limit the entry types that can be created in this specific {{ en.VLT }}.
1. ***Name*** the {{ en.VLT }}.
1. Optional: Write a short ***Description*** for the purpose of this {{ en.VLT }}.
1. Click ***Add*** to save.

### Add permissions to a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s***.
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}.
1. In the ***Edit*** tab section, click the drop-down menu next to each of the predefined ***Permissions*** to assign users and user groups or select and configure a custom role for your organization.
   {% snippet, "badgeNotice" %}
   Click the ***View Roles Definition*** button to choose from the list. You can also visit [Roles and Permissions](/hub/web-interface/administration/configuration-security/system-permissions/roles-permissions/).
   {% endsnippet %}

   ![Assign permissions](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_hub_Hub2347.png)

4. Click ***Update*** to save.

### Edit a {{ en.VLT }}

1. Go to ***Administration – {{ en.VLT_MAJ }}s***.
1. Click the ***Edit*** pencil icon next to the {{ en.VLT }}.
![!!Hub4100](https://cdnweb.devolutions.net/docs/docs_en_hub_Hub4100.png)
1. Click ***Update*** to save.
