docs/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/troubleshooting-articles/devolutions-account-inactive-account.md, before:

---
title: Devolutions Account - Inactive Account
---
To comply with Devolutions data retention policy, we must delete the {{ en.DA }} after three years of inactivity.  

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
The deletion of the {{ en.DA }} will not affect any license agreements you may have with Devolutions.  
{% endsnippet %} 

### Solution

Log in  to the [Devolutions Portal](https://portal.devolutions.com/) within 30 days of receiving the email, and your {{ en.DA }} will remain active.  

{% snippet icon.badgeHelp %}
In the event that you forgot your password, follow the ***Forgot Password*** section of the [Create your Account](/cloud/devolutions-account/create-devolutions-account/#password) topic.
{% endsnippet %} 

{% snippet icon.shieldWarning %}
For security reasons, we are no longer performing [change email requests](/cloud/devolutions-account/change-account-email/) for the {{ en.DA }}.
{% endsnippet %} 

Please let us know if you have any issues or concerns at [services@devolutions.net](mailto:service@devolutions.net)

Commit message:

KB EN/FR Account email

docs/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/troubleshooting-articles/devolutions-account-inactive-account.md, after:

---
title: Devolutions Account - Inactive Account
---
To comply with Devolutions data retention policy, we must delete the {{ en.DA }} after three years of inactivity.  

An email notification will be sent to affected email account. Please note that it can also be an alias.  

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
The deletion of the {{ en.DA }} will not affect any license agreements you may have with Devolutions.  
{% endsnippet %} 

### Solution

Log in  to the [Devolutions Portal](https://portal.devolutions.com/) within 30 days of receiving the email, and your {{ en.DA }} will remain active.  

{% snippet icon.badgeHelp %}
In the event that you forgot your password, follow the ***Forgot Password*** section of the [Create your Account](/cloud/devolutions-account/create-devolutions-account/#password) topic.
{% endsnippet %} 

{% snippet icon.shieldWarning %}
For security reasons, we are no longer performing [change email requests](/cloud/devolutions-account/change-account-email/) for the {{ en.DA }}.
{% endsnippet %} 

Please let us know if you have any issues or concerns at [services@devolutions.net](mailto:service@devolutions.net)
