docs/en/rdm/windows/commands/tools/index.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Tools
  description: The Tools tab contains your Add-on and Extensions manager as well as your {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}, Generators and multiple useful tools.  
---
The Tools tab contains your Add-on and Extensions manager as well as your {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}, Generators and multiple useful tools.  
![!!clip11429](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/clip11429.png) 

### Generators 

| OPTION           | DESCRIPTION                             |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| Password Generator   | Opens the [Password Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/password/) window. You can use this to generate password according to pre-determined criteria for better security. |
| SSH Key Generator    | Launches the [SSH Key Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/ssh-key/). SSH keys provide a secure way of logging into a virtual private server with SSH than using a password alone. |
| Certificate Generator| Launches the [Certificate Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/certificate/). With this you can create a self-signed certificate, which is an identity certificate that is signed by the same entity whose identity is certified.             |
| Port Generator       | Launches the [Port Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/port/). With this you can generate ports for your connections.                                       |

### Tools 

| OPTION           | DESCRIPTION                             |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| Entry Security Analyzer  | Opens the ***Entry Security Analyzer***. This is used to evaluate the strength of passwords stored in the data source.                                                    |
| My Inventory             | Set up a ***My Inventory*** report.                                                                                                                                                       |
| SSH Key Agent and Manager| Opens the ***Key Agent Manager***. This is used to hold all your SSH Keys in memory, already decoded and ready for them to be used.                                       |
| PowerShell (RDM CmdLet)  | Opens the ***PowerShell (RDM CmdLet)***.                                                                                                                                                          |
| More Tools               | The ***More Tools*** window contains a variety of application tools such as: [Chocolatey Console](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/chocolatey-console/), [Local RDP/RemoteApp Manager](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/local-rdp-remoteapp-manager/), [Playback (Ansi)](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/terminal-playback/), [{{ en.RDMA }}](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/rdm-agent/) and more. |


### Managers 

| OPTION            | DESCRIPTION                                                                                             |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Add-on Manager    | Opens the ***Add-on Manager***. It is used to simplify the management of different add-ons.             |
| Extensions Manager| Opens the ***Extensions Manager***. This is used to simplify the management and installation of Web Browser extensions and other miscellaneous extensions. |

Commit message:

OH KB RDM WIN EN Asset entry and tools tab updated

docs/en/rdm/windows/commands/tools/index.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Tools
  description: The Tools tab contains your Add-on and Extensions manager as well as your {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}, Generators and multiple useful tools.  
---
The Tools tab contains your Add-on and Extensions manager as well as your {{ en.DVLSCONSOLE }}, Generators and multiple useful tools.  
![Tools tab](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/rdm/windows/RDMWin6213.png) 

### Generators 

| OPTION           | DESCRIPTION                             |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| Password Generator   | Opens the [Password Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/password/) window. You can use this to generate password according to pre-determined criteria for better security. |
| SSH Key Generator    | Launches the [SSH Key Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/ssh-key/). SSH keys provide a secure way of logging into a virtual private server with SSH than using a password alone. |
| Certificate Generator| Launches the [Certificate Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/certificate/). With this you can create a self-signed certificate, which is an identity certificate that is signed by the same entity whose identity is certified.             |
| Port Generator       | Launches the [Port Generator](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/generators/port/). With this you can generate ports for your connections. |

### Tools 

| OPTION           | DESCRIPTION                             |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| My System Information    | Set up a ***My System Information*** report.| 
| Network Scan  | Opens the ***Network Scan***.
| PowerShell (RDM CmdLet)  | Opens the ***PowerShell (RDM CmdLet)***.                                                         |                                                                                                                 
| SSH Key Agent| Opens the ***Key Agent Manager***. This is used to hold all your SSH Keys in memory, already decoded and ready for them to be used.|
| SSH Key Manager (Local)| Opens the ***Key Agent Manager  (Local)***.                                       |
| More Tools               | The ***More Tools*** window contains a variety of application tools such as: [Chocolatey Console](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/chocolatey-console/), [Local RDP/RemoteApp Manager](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/local-rdp-remoteapp-manager/), [Playback (Ansi)](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/terminal-playback/), [{{ en.RDMA }}](/rdm/windows/commands/tools/tools/more-tools/rdm-agent/) and more. |


### Managers 

| OPTION            | DESCRIPTION                                                                                             |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Add-on Manager    | Opens the ***Add-on Manager***. It is used to simplify the management of different add-ons.             |
| Extensions Manager| Opens the ***Extensions Manager***. This is used to simplify the management and installation of Web Browser extensions and other miscellaneous extensions. |
