docs/en/server/web-interface/reports/index.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Reports
  order: 40
---
The ***Reports*** section provides the administrators with tools to perform audits on [Login](/server/web-interface/reports/login/), [Entries](/server/web-interface/reports/entries/), [Logs](/server/web-interface/reports/logs/), [Modules](/server/web-interface/reports/modules/), and [Configuration](/server/web-interface/reports/configuration/). 

![Reports](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6084.png) 

### Report customization 
Most of the reports available can be customized. Filter and sort the data, set a time interval and even export the reports in a .CSV file.  

Refine your search with the filters boxes and click the sort button to sort columns.  

![Filtering and Sorting Reports](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp8028.png) 

Select a preset time interval or create a custom timeline on which the report will be based on. 

![Time interval button](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/clip10367.png)

Commit message:

OH RDM WIN EN Web-based reports updated (#900)
deliveryId: 73e330f0-8dff-11ee-8013-67c2686e4f20

docs/en/server/web-interface/reports/index.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Reports
  description: Most of the reports available can be customized. Filter and sort the data, set a time interval and even export the reports in a .CSV file.  
  order: 40
---
The ***Reports*** section provides the administrators with tools to perform audits on [Login](/server/web-interface/reports/login/), [Entries](/server/web-interface/reports/entries/), [Logs](/server/web-interface/reports/logs/), [Modules](/server/web-interface/reports/modules/), and [Configuration](/server/web-interface/reports/configuration/). 

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %} 
Web based reports from Devolutions Server and Devolutions Hub are displayed in Remote Desktop Manager.
{% endsnippet %}

![Reports](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6084.png) 

### Report customization 
Most of the reports available can be customized. Filter and sort the data, set a time interval and even export the reports in a .CSV file.  

Refine your search with the filters boxes and click the sort button to sort columns.  

![Filtering and Sorting Reports](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp8028.png) 

Select a preset time interval or create a custom timeline on which the report will be based on. 

![Time interval button](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/clip10367.png)
