docs/en/server/web-interface/reports/logs.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Logs
---
The ***Logs*** section provides tools to view ***Activity***, ***Data Sources***, ***Administration*** and ***Last Usage Logs***. The ***Deleted Entries*** section is where you will manage all the deleted entries from the users.  

You can refine your search with the filters for each report and click the ***Export*** button of each section to create a CSV report.  

![Logs](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6083.png) 
### Activity Logs 
The ***Activity Logs*** report will display specific {{ en.VLT }} action about activity from all your users. Activity ***Message*** are listed in a drop down menu to choose from and refine your search.  

Click the ***Log Entry*** button to view more information about the activity.  

![Activity Logs](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4066.png) 
### Data Sources Logs 
The ***Data Sources Logs*** displays the logs of the {{ en.DVLS }} data source. For more information on a specific log, click the arrow at the beginning of the line.  

![Data Sources Logs ](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4067.png) 
### Administration Logs 
The ***Administration Logs*** keeps track of administrative level activities, such as access denied, temporary access request and user or user group update.  

![Administration Logs ](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4068.png) 
### Deleted Entries 
The ***Deleted Entries*** lists every entry deleted in the data source, including the folder it originated from, when and whom deleted it. Refine your search by {{ en.VLT }} with the filter and click ***Resurrect Entry*** to recover the entry in its original {{ en.VLT }} and folder.  

{% snippet icon.badgeWarning %} 
Once you confirm to delete an entry from the ***Deleted Entries*** lists, it will be deleted completely from the {{ en.DVLS }} data. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
![Deleted Entries](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4070.png) 
### Last Usage Logs 
The ***Last Usage Logs*** displays the time and date of the last modification done on an entry.  

From the list you can also move the entries shown to another {{ en.VLT }}. For this, select the entries and click the ***Move To {{ en.VLT }}*** button.  

![Last Usage Logs](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4069.png) 

### User Behavior Analytics

The ***User Behavior Analytics*** allows you to track user behavior. Detect multiple failed login attempts and connections from a country or location that deviates from established patterns. View when emergency access is used and when login requests are made through the Tor Browser.

![User Behavior Analytics](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6085.png)

Commit message:

OH DVLS HUB EN Show actions of all users

docs/en/server/web-interface/reports/logs.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Logs
  description: The Logs section provides tools to view Activity, Data Sources, Administration and Last Usage Logs. The Deleted Entries section is where you will manage all the deleted entries from the users.  
---
The ***Logs*** section provides tools to view ***Activity***, ***Data Sources***, ***Administration*** and ***Last Usage Logs***. The ***Deleted Entries*** section is where you will manage all the deleted entries from the users.  

You can refine your search with the filters for each report and click the ***Export*** button of each section to create a CSV report.  

![Logs](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6083.png) 
### Activity Logs 
The ***Activity Logs*** report displays specific {{ en.VLT }} actions on the activity of selected users or of all of your users. Activity ***Message*** are listed in a drop down menu to choose from and refine your search.  

Click the ***Log Entry*** button to view more information about the activity.  

![Activity Logs](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6086.png) 
### Data Sources Logs 
The ***Data Sources Logs*** displays the logs of the {{ en.DVLS }} data source. For more information on a specific log, click the arrow at the beginning of the line.  

![Data Sources Logs ](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4067.png) 
### Administration Logs 
The ***Administration Logs*** keeps track of administrative level activities, such as access denied, temporary access request and user or user group update.  

![Administration Logs ](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4068.png) 
### Deleted Entries 
The ***Deleted Entries*** lists every entry deleted in the data source, including the folder it originated from, when and whom deleted it. Refine your search by {{ en.VLT }} with the filter and click ***Resurrect Entry*** to recover the entry in its original {{ en.VLT }} and folder.  

{% snippet icon.badgeWarning %} 
Once you confirm to delete an entry from the ***Deleted Entries*** lists, it will be deleted completely from the {{ en.DVLS }} data. 
{% endsnippet %}
 
![Deleted Entries](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4070.png) 
### Last Usage Logs 
The ***Last Usage Logs*** displays the time and date of the last modification done on an entry.  

From the list you can also move the entries shown to another {{ en.VLT }}. For this, select the entries and click the ***Move To {{ en.VLT }}*** button.  

![Last Usage Logs](https://webdevolutions.azureedge.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp4069.png) 

### User Behavior Analytics

The ***User Behavior Analytics*** allows you to track user behavior. Detect multiple failed login attempts and connections from a country or location that deviates from established patterns. View when emergency access is used and when login requests are made through the Tor Browser.

![User Behavior Analytics](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/server/ServerOp6085.png)
