docs/en/kb/devolutions-workspace/how-to-articles/offline-mode.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Offline mode 
  description: How to activate the offline mode for Devolutions Workspace desktop and Devolutions Workspace mobile.
---

{{ en.DWSMOBILE }} and {{ en.DWSDESKTOP }} are available in offline mode (read-only).

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
Vaults must be loaded at ***least once*** in order to be accessible offline.
{% endsnippet %}  

The following steps describe the mobile version and are similar to the desktop version.  

1. To use the offline mode, go to ***Settings***.
![Settings](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6146_2023_3.png) 
1. In ***Workspace Settings***, select ***Offline*** to open the ***Offline settings***.
![Select Offline to open the Offline settings](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6145_2023_3.png) 
1. Select ***Go offline***.
![Go offline](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6147_2023_3.png)   
The offline mode is activated. 
![Offline mode is activated](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6148_2023_3.png)

Commit message:

KB RDM WIN EN Offline mode Workspace

docs/en/kb/devolutions-workspace/how-to-articles/offline-mode.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: Offline mode 
  description: How to activate the offline mode for Devolutions Workspace desktop and Devolutions Workspace mobile.
---

{{ en.DWSMOBILE }} and {{ en.DWSDESKTOP }} are available in offline mode (read-only).

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
Administrators must enable offline mode for advanced data sources in {{ en.DVLS }} and {{ en.DHUB }} before users can activate it.
{% endsnippet %}  

{% snippet icon.badgeInfo %}
Vaults must be loaded at ***least once*** in order to be accessible offline.
{% endsnippet %}  

The following steps describe the mobile version and are similar to the desktop version.  

1. To use the offline mode, go to ***Settings***.
![Settings](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6146_2023_3.png) 
1. In ***Workspace Settings***, select ***Offline***.
![Select Offline](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6145_2023_3.png) 
1. Click ***Go offline***.
![Go offline](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6147_2023_3.png)   
The offline mode is activated. 
![Offline mode is activated](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6148_2023_3.png)
