docs/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/knowledge-base/ip-list-entry.md, before:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: IP Address list entry
  description: The IP Adress list entry keeps the list of IPs in a single entry.
---
The ***IP Adress list*** entry keeps the list of IPs in a single entry.

1. In {{ en.RDM }} select ***Add New Entry***.
1. Choose ***It Asset Management*** – ***IP Address List***.
![It Asset Management – IP Address List](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6109.png) 
1. In the ***IP Address List*** window, enter a ***Name*** and select a ***Folder***. 
1. Click ***Add (+)***.
![IP Address List window – Add (+)](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6110.png)  
1. Enter the ***Name***, ***IP / Host*** and ***Description*** of the IP address. 
![Name, IP / Host and Description](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6111.png)  
1. Click ***OK*** to close the window. 
![List of IP addresses](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6112.png)  
Enter the number of IPs addresses you want to list. They are displayed in order.

Commit message:

KB RDM DVLS WINDOWS EN IP List entry

docs/en/kb/remote-desktop-manager/knowledge-base/ip-list-entry.md, after:

---
eleventyComputed:
  title: IP Address list entry
  description: The IP Adress list entry keeps the list of IPs in a single entry.
---
The ***IP Adress list*** entry keeps the list of IPs in a single entry.

1. In {{ en.RDM }} select ***Add New Entry***.
1. Choose ***It Asset Management*** – ***IP Address List***.
1. Click ***OK***.
![It Asset Management – IP Address List](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6109.png) 
1. In the ***IP Address List*** window, enter a ***Name*** and select a ***Folder***. 
1. Click ***Add (+)***.
![IP Address List window – Add (+)](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6110.png)  
1. Enter the ***Name***, ***IP / Host*** and ***Description*** of the IP address.
1. Click ***OK*** to close the window.  
![Name, IP / Host and Description](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6111.png)  
Enter the number of IP addresses to list. You can also edit or delete an IP address.  
1. Click ***OK*** pour save the entry.  
![Enter your IP addresses](https://webdevolutions.blob.core.windows.net/docs/en/kb/KB6112.png)  
The ***IP Adress list*** entry is saved.
